♪ Upbeat music ♪
Hey.
Hi
- Oh, hey. There you are.
Hello, world.
Hello, world!
I work for a company
called Panic.
Cinema 4D.
Baldur's Gate 3.
I've been at Adobe
for over 20 years.
At Panic,
we make Mac software.
A coding app for kids.
mmhmm helps people
be less boring on video.
When we first heard about
Apple silicon on Mac --
We're announcing
that the Mac is transitioning...
to our own Apple silicon.
[KEYBOARD CHORD]
[LAUGHS]
Yes!
It blew my mind.
One word was: amazing.
We were just waiting
for this specific moment.
What does this mean
for the desktop?
A device that we all think
we know so well.
We got the first developer units
as soon as they were announced.
This was the easiest transition
that we've ever had.
Getting our apps ready
for Apple silicon on Mac
literally took us a day.
We didn't really have to do
anything to port to them.
Hit the Run button.
- Took me 10 minutes.
Here we are. We got this,
we got this, we got this.
Boom!
Wow.
You immediately notice
that it's incredibly fast.
We can move much faster.
There are some operations which
are really quite remarkable.
Select Object,
we've seen that operation
up to eight times faster.
We can travel the entire world
of the Forgotten Realms
without any kind of
texture popping.
It was rendering...
...two times faster...
...three times faster.
Four times.
Eight times.
- Ten times.
- Much, much faster.
[SPEAKS GERMAN]
People are going to be
blown away.
There's some dark magic at work,
and I don't know what it is.
It just feels super smooth.
Super smooth.
[HARP GLISSANDO]
[THUD]
You don't have to use
any of that.
[LAUGHS]
For us, it's always about...
the power.
The more powerful
the computer is,
the more we can have fun
in our apps.
For example, using Core ML
to automatically detect
hand position.
Edit 8K RAW footage.
Hundreds of thousands of layers.
Millions of objects.
Almost limitless interactivity.
Rotate, zoom.
We keep zooming in.
Keep zooming in some more.
At this point, we're 100 million
percent zoomed in.
The future that I dream of --
Let me look
into the crystal ball!
A seamless workflow from your
phone or your iPad to your Mac.
Pushing the limits
on each and every surface.
You open that giant file
and boom! It's there.
See the infiniteness
in what you can create.
It's just a different level
of what we thought
was ever going to be possible.
We are in the future right now.
[MIMICS EXPLOSION]
This is going to be huge.
What can't we do
with Apple silicon on Mac?
Um...
That's a super good question.
♪